Nodes on all other platforms are considered to be server devices.
Computer disks that reside behind a fibre channel port.
Specifies the type of media to be queried.
Performance alerts are alerts that contain a "threshold" triggering condition.
The route information was resolved to the number of servers indicated.
Browse and select the new process image file.
Closing the connection also does not remove the project from your workspace.
If you do not specify a line number, the entire script is deleted.
Insert a name and optionally a requester for this instance.
The client operation is ended and server operation continues.
You can set performance alerts for both storage systems and switches.
The date and time the link result record was created.
The server has no eligible primary storage pools defined.
Contracts are associated with assets in the appropriate contracts application.
The remote system has been defined in two different agent configurations.
You can apply one price schedule to a service request.
It may be necessary to stop the subagent and re-start it.
Note any custom business rules that you have used.
You must configure these databases to have a working installation.
The following table shows what the icons for each task type look like.
You can associate actions and notifications to an escalation point.
Use this command to test the connection between the local server and a remote server.
The file is not physically removed until the expiration process runs.
Data recovery is not supported by this feed handler.
An internal error has occurred and a function was not created correctly.
This attribute displays the number of calls with unhandled exceptions in the service.
You have made updates to the security filter file and want to import the changes.
The average response time goal is assigned a specific time goal.
This selection is locked because it was manually selected.
Consumable resources are diminished, or perhaps even used up, during the process.
The value must be an integer greater than or equal to -1.
The node propagates each recognized record as a separate message.
Removes the data source from the crawl space.
Contains a list of tables that match your search criteria.
The name of the storage agent to evaluate.
This retains the alert definition but prevents the alert from being run.
The machine name specified in the command is invalid.
Select a team that should have access to the project.
Data store with the same name already exists.
The job plan serves as a template for the work plan.
You can specify different lead time weights for different storeroom locations.
The profile you selected to augment has a running server.
The log is formatted for use by the server.
You can also use groups in a report template.
If you do it, no backups will be run by this task.
Any retained messages and client subscription information are discarded.
This encyclopedia does not have non baselined workspace.
The cumulative amount of memory that has been removed from the virtual machines.
The top-level asset of the tree is called the ancestor.
It also allows you to view connection status or disconnect host connections.
